[ADD] Inventory: reception report documentation (#18928)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/inventory_management/reception_report.rst

================

> Reception Report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reception report
```

================

.. |SO| replace:: :abbr:`SO (sales order)`
.. |SOs| replace:: :abbr:`SOs (sales orders)`
.. |RfQ| replace:: :abbr:`RfQ (request for quotation)`
.. |PO| replace:: :abbr:`PO (purchase order)`
.. |POs| replace:: :abbr:`POs (purchase orders)`

> In Odoo *Inventory*, users can use reception reports to allocate incoming stock from purchase orders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Odoo **Inventory**, users can use reception reports to allocate incoming stock from purchase orders
```

(POs) to one or more sales orders (SOs). This allows users to directly assign units of the
replenished stock to fulfill higher-priority orders or retain more control over their inventory
reservations.

> .. _reception-report/configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _inventory/reception_report/configuration:
```

This sort of fix will need to be made throughout. We generally use the following anchor convention:

`app_name/file_name/anchor-name`

After fixing these, be sure to grab the reflinks for them as well.

Configuration
=============

To use reception reports, enable the *Reception Report* feature by navigating to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`. Under the *Operations* section,
select the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Reception Report`, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. _reception-report/workflow:

Workflow
========

Reception reports are used to manage the allocation of replenished stock. This means that users must

> first confirm demand from customers, then replenish the necessary stock through a |PO|. Only after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
first confirm customer demand, then replenish the necessary stock through a |PO|. Only after
```
optional

confirming this replenishment order can users access the reception report and reserve units from the
|PO| to fulfill specific customer orders.

.. important::
   |SOs| with products that can be fulfilled with existing on-hand stock do **not** appear in
   reception reports.

The following process outlines all necessary steps for allocating stock using reception reports:

#. :ref:`Confirm SOs <reception-report/workflow/confirm-so>` for one or more customers.
#. Create and :ref:`confirm a PO <reception-report/workflow/confirm-po>` for the demanded products.
#. Open receipt and :ref:`access the reception report <reception-report/workflow/reception-report>`
   to allocate products.
#. :ref:`Validate receipt <reception-report/workflow/validate-receipt>` on the |PO|.

> #. :ref:`Validate delivery <reception-report/workflow/validate-delivery>` on the |SO|.

Reviewer 2: I'm not a huge fan of laying things out like this, I think because while the list does include links to the other sections, it doesn't really include any information, so it feels a bit redundant.

.. _reception-report/workflow/confirm-so:

Create and confirm |SOs|
------------------------

When using reception reports, a user begins by creating sales quotations for one or more customers'
requested :guilabel:`Product` and :guilabel:`Quantity`. Confirm the quotations, turning them into
|SOs|. This generates a delivery order for each |SO|, accessible via the :icon:`fa-truck`
:guilabel:`Delivery` smart button.

.. _reception-report/workflow/confirm-po:

Create and confirm |PO|
-----------------------

The user then creates a new |RfQ| to replenish the demanded stock by navigating to the *Purchase*
app and clicking :guilabel:`New`. On the form, add the products in demand on the customers' |SOs| by

> clicking :guilabel:`Add a product` in the *Products* tab and specify the required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
clicking :guilabel:`Add a product` in the *Products* tab and specifying the required
```

:guilabel:`Quantity`.

.. important::

>    In order for Odoo to properly create allocations, ensure that the selected product has the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To ensure Odoo can properly create allocations, confirm the selected product that the selected product has the
```

   :guilabel:`Can be Purchased` option selected and its :guilabel:`Product Type` set to
   :guilabel:`Storable Product`.

After adding the products, click :guilabel:`Confirm Order` to turn the |RfQ| into a |PO|.

.. _reception-report/workflow/reception-report:

> Reception Report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reception report
```

I would actually use sentence-case unless explicitly referring to UI text. So for headings/body text, it makes sense to use sentence-case, but when you're calling out a guilabel, then use the UI capitalization.

----------------

> After confirming the |PO|, open the reception report to allocate the products' units to the desired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After confirming the |PO|, open the reception report to allocate the products' units to the desired
```

There was an invisible character here getting picked up in VS Code. Might have to be careful about copying/pasting stuff from other sources.

> After confirming the |PO|, open the reception report to allocate units of the products to desired

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After confirming the |PO|, open the reception report to allocate the products' units to the desired
```

|SOs|. To do so, click the :icon:`fa-truck` :guilabel:`Receipt` smart button at the top of the |PO|
to open the receipt for the incoming stock of the product.

.. tip::
   Alternatively, navigate to the **Inventory** app and click :guilabel:`(#) To Process` in the
   :guilabel:`Receipts` card. Then, select the appropriate receipt.

On the receipt, an :icon:`fa-list` :guilabel:`Allocations` smart button appears at the top, which
opens the *Reception Report* page.

The *Reception Report* page displays a list of products to which the units on this |PO| can be
allocated, grouped by the |SOs| on which they appear. A link to each |SO| is included, along with
its :guilabel:`Expected Delivery`, and an option to :ref:`assign
<reception-report/workflow/reception-report/allocate>` all units of its products. Under each |SO| is
a list of its products, including each product's name, quantity, and the option to assign the

> specified units individually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified units individually.
```

> assign the specified units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a list of its products, including each product's name, quantity, and the option to assign the specified units individually
```

.. note::
   |SOs| in the reception report are listed in order by the recency of their associated delivery
   (i.e., the |SO| with the oldest delivery order appears first). In other words, |SOs| are ordered
   by how recently they were confirmed, with the oldest confirmed |SO| appearing first.

.. image:: reception_report/reception-report-page.png
   :alt: The Reception Report Page in Odoo.

.. _reception-report/workflow/reception-report/allocate:

Allocate units
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To allocate units for a product in a |SO|, click :guilabel:`Assign` in the product's corresponding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allocate units for a product in an |SO|, click :guilabel:`Assign` in the product's corresponding
```
Normally, I would say "in a sales order" but since you are abbreviating "in an SO" works better

row. To undo allocation, click :guilabel:`Unassign`.

> Alternatively, to allocate all available units for all products in a |SO|, click :guilabel:`Assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to allocate all available units for all products in an |SO|, click :guilabel:`Assign
```

All` in the corresponding row of the |SO|. To assign all available units across all |SOs|, click
:guilabel:`Assign All` at the top.

> The quantity of reservable units for each product is automatically calculated in order starting from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The quantity of reservable units for each product is automatically calculated, in order starting from
```

from the oldest |SO|. This allows users to allocate as many units as available on the |PO| to
fulfill the quantity specified on the |SO|.

.. example::
   For example, |SO| A demands five *Chairs* and |SO| B demands five *Chairs*. A |PO| for 8 units is

>    created. On the reception report, |SO| A is listed first with five reservable units. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, |SO| A demands five *Chairs* and |SO| B demands five *Chairs*. A |PO| for eight
   units is created. On the reception report, |SO| A is listed first with five reservable units. The
```

We spell out numbers zero through nine, according to our style guide.

   remaining three available units from this |PO| can be assigned to |SO| B, which will create a
   backorder due to insufficient supply.

|SOs| with allocated units are automatically linked to the |PO|. Users can access this |PO| directly
from the |SO| via the :icon:`fa-credit-card` :guilabel:`Purchase` smart button. Similarly, the

> linked |SO| can also be accessed from the |PO| via the :icon:`fa-dollar` :guilabel:`Sale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linked |SO| can also be accessed from the |PO| via the :icon:`fa-dollar` :guilabel:`Sale` smart
button.
```

.. _reception-report/workflow/validate-delivery:

Validate delivery
-----------------

After receiving the incoming stock, fulfill the delivery order for the customer's |SO|. To do so,
navigate to the |SO|, then click :icon:`fa-truck` :guilabel:`Delivery` to open the delivery order.
Note that the *Operations* tab is populated with a new line showing the allocated
:guilabel:`Product` and its allocated :guilabel:`Quantity`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` to confirm that the products have been delivered to the
customer.

.. image:: reception_report/delivery-order.png
   :alt: A delivery order for reserved products using reception report in Odoo.

.. example::
   The following example demonstrates how a reception report is used to allocate stock for a
   customer |SO| of higher priority.

   Two |SOs| are created for separate customers. Customer A orders 75 units of a *Chair*. Customer B
   also orders 75 units of the same product but needs them as soon as possible.

   No stock exists for the *Chair*, so the user creates and confirms a |PO| to replenish the product
   from Vendor A. This vendor can only provide 100 units of the *Chair* this week. So, the user

>    creates and confirms another |PO| to replenish the remaining 50 units from Vendor B, which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   creates and confirms another |PO| to replenish the remaining 50 units from Vendor B, which will
```

Two more invisible characters.

>    B, available next week.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   from Vendor A. This vendor can only provide 100 units of the *Chair* this week. So, the user creates and confirms another |PO| to replenish the remaining 50 units from Vendor B, which will be available next week.
```

   After confirming the |POs|, the user opens the reception reports for each vendor's receipt.
   Vendor A's report lists the |SO| for Customer A with 75 reservable units, then Customer B's |SO|

>    with 25 reservable units. Vendor B's report lists the |SO| for customer A with 50 reservable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   with 25 reservable units. Vendor B's report lists the |SO| for Customer A with 50 reservable
```

   units.

>    Because the user wants to prioritize Customer B’s order, they want to ensure Customer B receives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Because the user wants to prioritize Customer B's order, they want to ensure Customer B receives
```

Used a curly apostrophe. This typically happens when pasting from a rich-text source. VS Code should highlight these for you, so keep a look out for them.

>    receives 75 units from Vendor A, who can guarantee a faster delivery. To do so, they first open

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Because the user wants to prioritize Customer B’s order, they want to ensure Customer B receives 75 units from Vendor A, which can guarantee faster delivery. To do so, they first open
```
